OCPBUGS#44579: prevent unintended unsupported sys config (#87660)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-rpms.adoc

.Procedure

. For all lifecycles, enable the repository for your release by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ sudo subscription-manager repos \
    --enable rhocp-<4.18>-for-<9>-$(uname -m)-rpms \ # <1>
    --enable fast-datapath-for-<9>-$(uname -m)-rpms # <2>
----
<1> Replace _<4.18>_ and _<9>_ with the compatible versions of your {microshift-short} and {op-system-base-full}.
<2> Replace  _<9>_ with the compatible version of {op-system-base}.

. For extended support (EUS) releases, also enable the EUS repositories by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
`$ sudo subscription-manager repos \
    --enable rhel-<9>-for-x86_64-appstream-eus-rpms \ # <1>
    --enable rhel-<9>-for-x86_64-baseos-eus-rpms` # <2>
----
<1> Replace _<9>_ with the compatible major version number of {op-system-base}.
<2> Replace _<9>_ with the compatible major version number of {op-system-base}.

> . Avoid unintended future updates into an unsupported configuration by locking your operating system version with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Avoid unintended future updates into an unsupported configuration by locking your operating system version by running/using the following command:
```

.Procedure

> . For non-EUS releases, enable the {microshift-short} repositories by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: Is 4.18 considered a non-EUS release ?

Author: No, it has extended support available.

Reviewer 2: I guess my nit here is the sentence says for non-EUS releases, and your example shows `4.18`

Author: Ahh, right, the variable. Hardcoded to 4.17 here.

> . For non-EUS releases, enable the {microshift-short} repositories by running the following command:

Author: The extended support releases are the evens, so 4.14, 4.16, 4.18 and so on. Standard lifecycle releases are the odd-numbered ones.

> . For non-EUS releases, enable the {microshift-short} repositories by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: I guess my nit here is the sentence says for non-EUS releases, and your example shows `4.18`

> . For non-EUS releases, enable the {microshift-short} repositories by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: I think these two repos need to be enabled to install MicroShift, regardless of EUS or non-EUS support.

`fast-datapath-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms`
`rhocp-4.18-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms`

> . For non-EUS releases, enable the {microshift-short} repositories by running the following command:

Author: So would this be a first step, and the other two repos for each as step 2, depending on support scope?

> . For non-EUS releases, enable the {microshift-short} repositories by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: I would say so, but could you confirm with @DanielFroehlich or @ggiguash please ?

> . For non-EUS releases, enable the {microshift-short} repositories by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: confirmed! repos rhocp.... and fast-datapath... are needed for MicroShift in all cases.
The EUS repos are need for the operating system to get updates during the EUS phase.
